Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, after the user clicks on, log in and if no errors, what they're going to do is they're going
to take the user to the next page.
Okay.
Now, this is what I'm going to do in this lecture, but before we do together, you're going to try
to do it yourself.
Okay.
Now, what you're going to do is over this Chris Potter.
They're going to create a new play.
Right.
They're going to create a new fight and they're going to call this fight bottom now.
But there is a war.
This is big fights in future they're going to have.
So that is when these are critics on this.
These are going to be some advocates to different pages.
Okay.
So what you're going to do now is over this, Chris, for.
They're going to create a new far able to codify bottom.
Now you can choose who is a stateless Wichita State, who gets you can easily change that data.
Okay.
Then after creating that, what you're going to do next is after clicking on the log in and if there
is no arrow, you're going to take the user.
So the bottom of the page.
Okay, so that's what you're going to do.
So try to pause the video or try to implement that yourself because I'm going to give you some leads
to useful.
You can see over here we have the youth and house, right?
The over the youth, I guess.
Okay.
So try to put in red dots yourself.
Create a new PHI column called Bottom NAV Bar.
Make sure you look all is part of the educational bar because we have a widget known as bottom navigation
bar.
So definitely there were no conflicts we showed.
Okay, so try to do that.
So pause the video and do that.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in picture.